hey guys today I'm going to talk to you
about learning English language as a
foreign language I totally understand
the problem because I'm Russian and I
started learning English when I was four
and I kind of went to a school where
they told English in a profound level
back in Russia and when I was fourteen I
thought that I'm super perfect in
English they don't know every single
word and that I speak perfect language
and so I decided to go to the UK we had
this kind of exchange program with our
school and I went to the UK and the
first day I arrived I understood that I
do not get what people are telling me
and what's happening around me in the UK
I didn't get the accent so and this
really motivated me to study very hard
and I developed some tips that I also
used to learn German Italian and I'm
still using for learning English so my
first tip would be have a goal and this
goal shouldn't be like oh I want to
speak English because all of my friends
speak English and because english is the
language that the world uses because
this is a motivation but this is not
something that will make you start
studying right away so for example for
me when I was learning German my
motivation was to go to a German
university because education in German
was free and I understood that I only
have a couple of years to master my
German in order to be able to study at a
university level so this motivated me to
study every day and then when I had this
dream of doing masters in the United
States
I only had two months to master my
English for GMAT and this was an
exciting and really motivating goal
passing GMAT and getting into an
American University so figure out what
kind of goal is that for you so maybe
you're not going to study abroad but
maybe you're just planning a trip I did
this with Italian when I started to
learn Italian I planned a trip to Italy
in half a year and I you know kind of
set a goal for myself to be able to
order food in an Italian restaurant
so yes the first thing is have this
particular goal very feasible goal not
something
like majors speaking as a native speaker
blah blah blah this will work so
something that you could achieve in say
three to four months the second thing
get hooked with something for me it's
for example some TV show I stopped
reading books and I stopped watching
movies in Russian when I started to
learn English profoundly so the first
thing I did I was a huge fan of the Sex
and the City and I just watched the
whole series in English and we imagined
they have six seasons and every season
has I don't know was thirty films
so imagine 180 films all in English and
it was really motivating and I also you
know noticed some new words and I
couldn't watch it in Russian afterwards
because you know when your favorite
actors speaking in English and you're
here in his real voice you wouldn't want
to hear some you know Russian person
translating that for you into Russia so
this is how I go to hooked up with
watching films in English and now
watching house of cards I highly
recommend it to you if you need
political and legal like sick or your
English and also the suits is really
good for legal English and house m.d. is
amazing if you're studying medicine and
also like if your language is already
profound watch house m.d. and you will
get older words for you know medical
vocabulary and I also stopped reading
books in Russian when I was about 15 and
I started with reading books for
children because my level was really low
so I just bought books that were meant
for twelve thirteen year old kids and it
was okay
I didn't mind as long as I learned new
words as long as the blood was okay so I
could recommend as Jacqueline Wilson as
a writer she's amazing she writes books
about you know kids having fun I don't
know kids making friends so if your
English is really low level so try and
do that yeah so this was the second
thing get hooked up with something it is
your favorite film or your favorite
actor and your oh and I forgot to
mention YouTube blogger
you have to get hooked with a YouTube
blogger who speaks English and it could
be me but you can hear some kind of
accent because as you know I'm not a
native speaker but also sometimes it
helps me to get hooked with a blogger
who is not a native speaker because the
accent is easier to understand so maybe
it will be a YouTube blogger so yeah
film YouTube blogger TV series or book
third thing is that you have to learn
every day like seriously guys if you
have a goal you have to reach it every
day it's not like you can do two hours
on Tuesdays and six hours and Saturdays
no this wouldn't work I'm actually going
to close the window is still up yeah you
have to learn everyday like you cannot
make a schedule I would learn six hours
during the weekend and for two hours
during the weekday no this won't work it
has to be a lifestyle now so you're
learning English please make sure that
your phone is full of different apps to
lingo is a free app to learn any foreign
language and it's pretty basic so it's
for beginners it's not for advanced but
then easy ten is an app for learning
advanced words and there are many many
apps you just have to you know go to the
App Store and type in learn English or
whatever you're using learn English and
download all the apps and figure out
which one works best for you and when
you're waiting in line when you're doing
something go on and open the app and
learn a language and the fourth thing
which is the most important thing for me
is to go to a country where the language
is spoken and practice it so if you
don't have a virginity to go anywhere
book a lesson with a native speaker why
Skype because you know this is a huge
mistake when you learn a language with
somebody who speaks your language then
you end up speaking a native language to
each other and there's also this
temptation when you don't understand
something you tell your teacher to
explain this in your language and this
doesn't work it has to be you know you
have to put yourself in a frame or like
in a box and you can where you cannot
get outside this box so you just need to
speak in English and this is only
possible if you're talking to a native
speaker
and so once you go to the UK for example
to the United States to practice your
English please choose a homestay so you
would stay with local people and take
classes at school please refrain from
talking to people from your own country
or maybe just choose a school that
doesn't have a lot of your native
speakers and I'm actually in one of
those schools I'm in London right now
and UIC English which is our Central
School Oxford Street is just outside the
good thing is for me as a Russian native
speaker they only have three Russian
native speakers right now at school
which is amazing and they have a lot of
other students this is from Turkey
Thailand Italy I can actually show you
some let's go actually so this is where
I am right now this is sort of a study
room where you can hang out and have
some time by the computer have some time
with your phone they have free Wi-Fi and
this is also a place for meeting other
students and for planning your free time
so in the first half of the day you
would have lessons in the second half of
the day you will have free time and you
can do whatever you want you can go to
different you know excursions like they
would have football Big Bang you will
figure out when you come here so loads
of things what I wanted to tell you that
you have to figure out what the school
has your nationality is like here's the
list of people studying at school right
now and you can figure out by the last
names where students come from so I can
see a lot of Italians and I can see some
I guess Vietnamese a tower a tower
whinnies I would say yeah and maybe I
could pop into class this one is free
yeah so this is how the class looks like
I really like the atmosphere so you're
in the center of London you are talking
to a native speaker everybody speaks
English and you know ah there's nothing
to be afraid of because you will be
placed in a group where people have the
same level as you and you will be tested
on the first day and there won't be this
feeling that everybody's speaking so
good English I'm so bad no it wouldn't
happen so everybody would be at the same
level as you and if you're better you
will have more incentive to become
better because when you feel that you're
made in progress it makes
the progress even faster so highly
recommend it I will leave a link so you
could you know get all the information
about the school about the Nationals
makes the link will be below and the
website I'm giving the link to is
actually my business I'm an entrepreneur
so yeah this is how the school I might
show you the class yeah see you can see
teacher at students oh I don't think he
was really happy but yeah so guys thank
you so much for watching this video here
are my tips for learning English if you
have any tips that you can share please
share them in comments they're really
useful because I'm also I'm still
learning German though I mastered I
studied in Germany and everything was
perfect please share your tips and still
learning Italian oh and you know just
before we finish I wanted to show you
off the street it's well you cannot
really see also you can
this is Rory
cool so thank you so much for watching
this video please subscribe to my
channel and I'll keep you in the loop
about the latest things in education
abroad and travel and immigration bye
bye guys